example/collections/map/HashMapTest.java
 example.collections.map.HashMapTest
example/collections/seq/ListTest.java
 example.collections.seq.ListTest
example/intro/FunctionalInterfacesTest.java
 example.intro.FunctionalInterfacesTest
example/collections/interoperability/ToVavrTest.java
 example.collections.interoperability.ToVavrTest
example/validation/ValidationApiTest.java
 example.validation.ValidationApiTest
 example.validation.ValidationApiTest$User
 example.validation.ValidationApiTest$UserValidator
example/collections/seq/StreamTest.java
 example.collections.seq.StreamTest
example/collections/seq/VectorTest.java
 example.collections.seq.VectorTest
example/intro/PatternMatchingTest.java
 example.intro.PatternMatchingTest
example/collections/seq/ArrayTest.java
 example.collections.seq.ArrayTest
example/collections/interoperability/ToJavaTest.java
 example.collections.interoperability.ToJavaTest
example/intro/TryTest.java
 example.intro.TryTest
example/collections/map/TreeMapTest.java
 example.collections.map.TreeMapTest
example/intro/TupleTest.java
 example.intro.TupleTest
example/collections/set/HashSetTest.java
 example.collections.set.HashSetTest
example/collections/seq/CharSeqTest.java
 example.collections.seq.CharSeqTest
example/collections/set/TreeSetTest.java
 example.collections.set.TreeSetTest
example/intro/CollectionsTest.java
 example.intro.CollectionsTest
example/collections/seq/QueueTest.java
 example.collections.seq.QueueTest
example/collections/set/BiSetTest.java
 example.collections.set.BiSetTest
example/either/EitherTest.java
 example.either.EitherTest
example/intro/ValidationTest.java
 example.intro.ValidationTest
 example.intro.ValidationTest$Person
 example.intro.ValidationTest$PersonValidator
example/exception/CheckedFunctionTest.java
 example.exception.CheckedFunctionTest
example/vavrtry/VaryTryTest.java
 example.vavrtry.VaryTryTest
 example.vavrtry.VaryTryTest$ClientException
 example.vavrtry.VaryTryTest$HttpClient
 example.vavrtry.VaryTryTest$Response
example/intro/OptionTest.java
 example.intro.OptionTest
